Rewrite offline playback guide for iOS SDK (#719)
THEOplayer/documentation: theoplayer/how-to-guides/04-drm/03-how-to-do-offline-drm/02-offline-drm-with-ios.md

# How to do offline DRM on iOS/tvOS SDK

## Prerequisites

In order to do offline DRM on iOS, your license key must be downloadable and persistable. The SDK will not be able to decrypt your content once the persisted key expires.

> DRM on iOS SDK is configured through a **DRM connector** (a `ContentProtectionIntegration`) In order to do so, you need to:

Reviewer: I wouldn't call this a "DRM connector", that's kinda specific to our [own iOS connectors](https://github.com/THEOplayer/iOS-Connector). Perhaps just call it a "DRM integration".

What you can do is explain that you can use one of our prebuilt DRM connectors if we have one available for your DRM vendor. 😉 (Or rather, one of [our sample DRM integrations](https://github.com/THEOplayer/samples-drm-integration/tree/master/ios/ContentProtectionIntegration/integration) because I don't think we publish those as separate connectors yet... 🤔 )

Author: I see what you mean... Changed it to "integration" or "DRM integration" on all places.

> DRM on iOS SDK is configured through a **DRM integration** (a `ContentProtectionIntegration`) In order to do so, you need to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DRM on iOS SDK is configured through a **DRM integration** (a `ContentProtectionIntegration`). In order to use a DRM integration, you need to:
```

1. Implement a `ContentProtectionIntegration` and its `ContentProtectionIntegrationFactory`.
2. Register the factory once at app startup with `THEOplayer.registerContentProtectionIntegration(...)`.
3. Reference the integration from a `FairPlayDRMConfiguration` via its `customIntegrationId`.

For offline playback, you additionally need to request a persistent license (`licenseType: .persistent`) and make the DRM integration's license request offline aware.

In order to cache without a player instance, a valid THEOplayer license must be present in your app's `Info.plist`.

**Known limitations**

1. If your manifest is redirected while caching, you need to save the redirected manifest URL (the one that is actually being cached) and provide that URL to the player when you want to play back from the cache.
2. Only completely cached videos can be played offline. When the `CachingTask` status is `done`, the video is playable without any internet connection.

> 3. HLS manifests can have a tag `#EXT-X-PLAYLIST-TYPE:VOD` ([see here for reference](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/http-live-streaming/video-on-demand-playlist-construction)). If this tag is not present in the playlist of the cached quality, The player will make an extra request for the playlist even if the video is completely cached. To avoid these extra requests, provide `#EXT-X-PLAYLIST-TYPE:VOD` in your playlists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. HLS manifests can have a tag `#EXT-X-PLAYLIST-TYPE:VOD` ([see here for reference](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/http-live-streaming/video-on-demand-playlist-construction)). If this tag is not present in the playlist of the cached quality, the player will make an extra request for the playlist, even if the video is completely cached. To avoid these extra requests, provide `#EXT-X-PLAYLIST-TYPE:VOD` in your playlists.
```

## Code example

> You can find code examples for the different calls below. For all the possible API calls, please take a look at [the API reference for iOS SDK](https://docs.optiview.dolby.com/theoplayer/v11/api-reference/ios/index.html).

Reviewer: The canonical URL is `optiview.dolby.com/docs`.

```suggestion
You can find code examples for the different calls below. For all the possible API calls, please take a look at [the API reference for iOS SDK](https://optiview.dolby.com/docs/theoplayer/v11/api-reference/ios/index.html).
```
